Add a new diagnostic/code fix to prompt analyzer authors to enable re… (#3440)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: src/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Analyzers/ReleaseTrackingAnalyzers.Help.md

```

## How to enable Release Tracking analyzer

The following additional files have to be added to any project referencing this package to enable analysis:

- `AnalyzerReleases.Shipped.md`
- `AnalyzerReleases.Unshipped.md`

This can be done in couple of ways, which is detailed in below sections.

### Using the light bulb

![Enable analyzer release tracking](./enable-analyzer-release-tracking.png)

### Manual steps
This can be done by:

> - In Visual Studio, right click project in Solution Explorer, and choose "Add -> New Items", then select "Text File" in "Add new item" dialog.

Author: ```suggestion
- In Visual Studio, right-click the project in Solution Explorer, choose "Add -> New Item...", and then select "Text File" in the "Add New Item" dialog. Then right-click each file, select "Properties", and choose "C# analyzer additional file" for "Build Action" in the "Properties" window.
```
